# Network Science Project - Group 9

## Network Analysis on European Pollination Networks

### Processing the Network

To process the data we used the following scripts. None requires argumments. The output files can be used directly in Gephi.

#### process_network.py (not used by other scipts)

Creates a CSV file with all the Edges information and other with all the Nodes information. Currently these files are no longer used as the processing was made at Genus Taxonomy Level.

Requires Interaction_data.csv* to be in nodes_and_edges directory.

The 2 files created are placed in nodes_and_edges

This script was the first used to analyse the network on Gephi.

#### process_network_all_taxonomy.py

Creates 2 CSV files, one containing the information of the nodes and other containing the information of the Edges, for each Taxonomy Level. It must the be the first script to be run.

Requires Interaction_data.csv* to be in nodes_and_edges directory.

Creates all files in nodes_and_edges directory.

### Visual Interpretation of the Network

The following scipts can be used to see the initial state of the Network as a whole.

#### create_network.py

Proccess the information of Edges and Nodes at Genus Level and plots the network in a map.

Requires the files Edges_data_genus_level.csv and Nodes_data_genus_level.csv at nodes_and_edges directory.

Displays the network in a pop-up window.

#### create_network_without_map.py

Proccess the information of Edges and Nodes at Genus Level and plots the network in a white background.

Requires the files Edges_data_genus_level.csv and Nodes_data_genus_level.csv at nodes_and_edges directory.

Displays the network in a pop-up window.

### Getting the results

Theese scripts are the ones responsible to test the robustness of the network and plot the results.

#### componnents_metrics.py

Gather the metrics of the different approaches of Node and Edge removal.

Requires the files Edges_data_genus_level.csv and Nodes_data_genus_level.csv at nodes_and_edges directory.

Creates CSV files in metrics directory.

#### generate_graphs.py

Plots the results of Node and Edge removal approaches.

Requires the files generated by componnents_metrics at metris directory.

Creates the plots at images directory.

### Note
 Interaction_data.csv can be obtained in the original data of [EuPPolNet](https://github.com/JoseBSL/EuPPollNet)
